[runtime env][feature] introduce pip_check_enable and pip_version (#22826)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/handling-dependencies.rst

  - Example: ``["my_file.txt", "path/to/dir", "*.log"]``

- ``pip`` (dict | List[str] | str): Either (1) a list of pip `requirements specifiers <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#requirement-specifiers>`_, (2) a string containing the path to a pip

>   `“requirements.txt” <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#requirements-files>`_ file, or (3) a python dictionary that has three fields: (a) ``packages`` (require, List[str]): a list of pip packages,
>   (b) ``pip_check`` (optional, bool): whether enable pip check at the end of pip install, default True.
>   (c) ``pip_version`` (optional, str): the version of pip, ray will spell the package name "pip" in front of the ``pip_version`` to form the final requirement string,
>   the syntax of a requirement specifier is defined in full in `PEP 508 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0508/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `“requirements.txt” <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#requirements-files>`_ file, or (3) a python dictionary that has three fields: (a) ``packages`` (require, List[str]): a list of pip packages,
  (b) ``pip_check`` (optional, bool): whether to enable `pip check <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_check/>`_ at the end of pip install, defaults to ``True``.
  (c) ``pip_version`` (optional, str): the version of pip; Ray will spell the package name "pip" in front of the ``pip_version`` to form the final requirement string.
  The syntax of a requirement specifier is defined in full in `PEP 508 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0508/>`_.
```

Author: thanks! good suggestion
